Good morning/afternoon!

You're probably looking at the tape on the ground and the stuff on that table and thinking -- "what have we gotten ourselves into here."

For those of you that haven't met us before, our job is to bring a bit of fun to your week.

Our company, Collaborative Advantage, does several things, but the relevant one for today is that we design ridiculously engaging experiences that empower individuals and foster collaboration.

You've all probably done "team-building" before, and in all likelihood, it was terrible.

We're a little different.  

But before we get started on our intro's and today's Rapid Prototyping Workshop, we want to give you a moment to process what has gone on over the past day or so to assist the transition into this next activity.

Go ahead and find one person that you don't know all that well.  We're each going to do a round of one to two minute check-ins.  

Answer two questions:
1) what is the most interesting thing that you are taking away from the week, so far.
2) how are you doing at the moment?  Tired? Excited? Stressed?

Let's start the check-ins in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, go!


Thank you for that.  Like our friend Lisa Solomon -- who actually introduced us to the Kauffman Fellows program a few years ago, we trt to put "innovators before innovation."

Now, we'll introduce ourselves.

Jarod, can you do a quick catwalk?

(in stripclub MC voice) Ladies and Gentleman, please welcome to the stage, Jarod!

Jarod Holtz is a big wave surfer and former security analyst that previously worked as a private contractor for organizations such as the NSA and CIA.  
His focus was on terrorism, counter-insurgencies, environmental degradation and other complex global threats.  After nearly a decade in that world, his realizations that "government" isn't going to be able to handle the complex issues we are facing led him to leave that role and eventually co-found Collaborative Advantage.

(If there is some cognitive dissonance going on at the moment, that's OK.  Government? Complex global threats? Team-Building? I don't get it.

We'll tie it together in a minute.)

As for me, I grew up as an army brat, and was sufficiently traumatized by my early exposures to both war and bureaucracy to compel me upon the "righteous crusade" that we've embarked upon.

I am -- at core -- a practical political philosopher.  My deeply held belief is that we have regulatory systems that do not function well at the global scales that we currently operate at. My focus is on designing one that does -- a functional global regulatory system.

Our vision of that system ends up looking less like “politicians, laws, police, courts and prisons” and more like individuals making informed decisions using internet tools that help them leverage the custom remixed insights of others they trust.

In essence, Collaborative Advantage does two things.  We work on building 
1) tools that support communities, and 
2) communities that can support the development of those tools.

Which brings us back to today.  

While much of our paid work consists of engagements with senior executives from publicly traded companies in either long-form Organizational Development consulting engagements, or week-long "Silicon Valley Learning Journeys," we also do a fair number of "one-day workshops" like the one you are about to dive into.  These both help to "top up the coffers" and assist us in building networks across the world's of business and government that make our "life's work" more likely to succeed.

So....

Today our focus will be on fun.  But it will also be on facilitated connection, conversation -- and if we are lucky -- minor epiphanies that prove useful down the line.

You ready to start?


